well howdy there Internet people its
bubble again so today we're going to
talk a little bit about that shell Trump
photo op perfect example of the blending
of corporate and state interests the
blending of corporate and state interest
that's a key element in a certain
ideology we like to pretend isn't
creeping into the United States at a
ever quickening pace but it is
everything inside the state if you don't
know what happened some shell
contractors they told their employees
they had three choices they could a take
paid time off B don't show up and don't
get paid but keep in mind they work on
prefigured schedules and those schedules
include 56 hours so that last day that's
overtime for these people we're talking
about $700 that they could end up losing
for some of them and then the third
option was to show up get paid to be a
prop in a presidential campaign speech
that well you as a taxpayer paying for
those were the options now how do we
know that it wasn't really Trump showing
up and a whole bunch of you know
working-class guys gathering around
listening to the president well in this
case we got the leaked memo and it had
everything in it about how they'd be
bused in and all of that stuff but it
also included some other interesting
tidbits that I haven't really seen
mentioned told them not to we're still
toes don't wear your work boots but wear
that high visibility clothing
you're not actually going to be doing
any work you don't need your safety gear
except for that shirt so it looks like
you're working class because you're a
prop nothing more this is how
corporations large companies repay their
debt to the politicians the ones that
cut them bills and allow them to extract
minerals and natural resources from
taxpayer owned land this is how they do
it to trade in this kind of propaganda
it creates the image that the government
is working for the people the working
class and that the working class
supports the government neither of these
is true you know if you ask people what
they think about the government
incompetent inapt
inefficient whole bunch of stuff but
then if you say well what about this
politician oh well that one's going to
save the world hmm
because they've got us trained red vs.
blue left versus right our vs. D and
that's how they get away with it that's
how they feather their own nest at the
expense of the working class when you
really break it down who runs this
country what professions
politicians lawyers when you're talking
about the entertainment side of things
the cultural side of things
producers judges bankers lobbyists and
religious figures that's who runs the
country overall how do you feel about
those professions most of them are
pretty scummy all right let's be honest
and even some of the ones that you don't
think of as scummy well they are I mean
you know people seem to have a lot of
respect for judges what is a judge a
lawyer turned politician that's what a
judge is so the idea that we should let
this
class of people these professions run
our country these are the people that
are going to lead us doesn't make a
whole lot of sense these are the people
who can divide us these are the people
who can play us against each other what
we really need is a lot more bartenders
carpenters plumbers people like that in
the House of Representatives people that
actually represent us we need a little
bit more working class unity that's what
this country needs if we get that and we
start talking to each other left and
right as it is in the United States
you're gonna realize you don't have much
much to separate you other than talking
points we can sit here and argue over
what's best for the interests of other
people or we can start to seek that
representative democracy we were
promised anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night
[Music]